here Moe what are we gonna what did you
do for your birthday anything no nothing
Jimmy I just went home and eat a cake
with my wife and my you ate a cake okay
no I just
yes I want a pizza what kind of cake did
you get chocolate cake
is that your favorite yes is it yeah did
your son Benji get you anything or make
you a card or anything for your birthday
yeah he did it for the best dad ever
and then he told me that I miss you big
guy you came early in everything he said
he missed you yeah yeah yeah and then
did you open any presents I did yeah you
did did your wife get you any presents
no I think she's saying the weekend
she's gonna give it to me on Saturday Oh
a Saturday yeah Oh interesting but that
your birthday was yesterday not Saturday
I know but she says she she's she's not
feeling well so she goes I couldn't go
yeah you're gonna make a prediction
you'll get nothing on Saturday did you
at least get sex or anything last night
no no nothing nothing yeah maybe that's
not once on the weekend yeah maybe that
is what it oh boy when you hit the time
where you don't even get sex on your
birthday it's uh it sucks I mean it's uh
that's no bueno yeah it's 2020 sauce
right - honey - honey does well welcome
everybody on a trip you and I on your
yeah I think that would be fun right
that'd be great yes and we wear shorts
and walk around whatever you say man
that's not how you make it happen
[Laughter]
we have we've been on a few trips
together like independent that we've
been on many trips of the show yes but
once we went on a gear Mo and I went on
a trip to Montreal and it was crazy
because a lot of the people up there
speak French so Guillermo had to act as
our translator even though he doesn't
speak French he speaks Spanish but seem
to be close enough either that or you're
just making a bunch it up right I think
I remember though we like God some
places you were told where to go and
then you understood and I couldn't
believe it I know I it was crazy
so you didn't you and your wife go to
Paris once yes
and did you under were you able to
converse with people there a little bit
I just say we all right we'll stay in
the english-speaking countries all right
yeah all right all right well welcome
everybody thank you for coming we
appreciate your coming
or any of you scheduled to be here last
night and came here tonight instead all
right so a few of you well I'm glad we
were able to work that out for you
welcome to our show how many of you are
visiting from out of town here tonight
Oh quite a few
where are you guys from right here in
the front New Jersey what part of New
Jersey
Princeton are you kid let me tell you
something you look like you're a student
at Princeton are you or do you just live
there your students what are you
studying there
operations research and financial
engineering okay fun fun fun operations
research and financial engineering so
Oprah stop or fee and you the same thing
oh oh you're written the same deal yeah
you guys look like you should be on the
catalog of Princeton kids you know like
you'll really like the outfits the
photographer would say like yes well
well as you walk around campus we'd like
you to be in a your collar out in the
shirt and then your the turtleneck is
huge - I mean really
is that like yes like is that a common
thing are you the only one who wears
turtlenecks at the school that's it's
just you yeah
would that be called a turtleneck or a
mock turtleneck a turtleneck
that's a regular turtle yes what is a
mock turtleneck doesn't roll back so
shorter I'm not sure do you have a mock
turtleneck uh yeah you do
very good all right why are you guys on
vacation or what yeah we do finals run
break oh it is it's break time now yep
end of January perfect time for him and
he started when when did this the
semester start or there's not a
trimester whatever it was no I mean when
did it start the first time in September
in September all right I don't know I
mean you're not gonna believe this I
didn't get accepted to Princeton I
barely got into UNLV so thanks for
watching remember every time you click
the subscribe button one of your enemies
gets destroyed